Your users love a good story behind giraffe they want to be entertained whether for a few minutes or
a few hours.
Let's hope some will have an emotional attachment to your app.
It doesn't matter if it's a game app or a non game app you really need a compelling story.
So your users will be hooked.
This behind the scene of how your app was born or the genesis is what you should share with your users.
Perfect for your web site or apt description or even a press release to garner more downloads.
People want to know what inspired you to create giraffe.
Please don't see a popular rap that's making a ton of money out there.
Let's say that's been featured even and say I can make a clone and change a few things to make it better.
Those apps don't tend to be featured and aren't considered newsworthy or noteworthy by Apple reviewers.
Trust me it's not worth your time.
You need to come up with something unique and interesting something that's going to drive your users
to keep coming back every day for more.
You need to create an app that will be memorable and will have long lasting appeal because when you
use this formula more and more bloggers and app reviewers will be giving you all the free press you
can ask for.
This will result in more downloads and hence more revenue.
Try this.
Show your friends your app but don't tell them it's yours and see what their reactions are so they love
it they hate it.
How long do they stay using or playing your app.
This alone will be your first test to see if it has that unique interesting appeal.
People are craving for these days.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.